segment 1: 
query: SELECT name FROM Locations WHERE id = 1;
hints:
"Every place has an identifier. Can you find out the ID that matches the name 'Classroom'?"
"Remember, you can use the SELECT statement to retrieve the name of a location based on its ID."
"Think about which table holds the names of locations. You're looking for an ID that's usually the first one."

segment 3:
query: select * from LaptopSightings where location_id = (select id from Locations where name = "Library");
hints:
"There's a table that tracks where laptops have been spotted. Can you find which one it is?"
"You're interested in a specific location, the 'Library'. How can you filter records by location name?"
"Look for a way to relate the 'Locations' table to the sightings. There's a common piece of information that links them."

segment 5: 
query: select * from Classes where id =1;
hints:
"Classes have their own table. Can you find where each class is held?"
"You might need to find a class by its ID. Which number represents the first class?"
"Use SELECT to retrieve details from the 'Classes' table. Remember to specify which class you're interested in with WHERE."

segment 6:
query: SELECT Professors.name FROM Classes
JOIN Professors ON Classes.professor_id = Professors.id
WHERE Classes.id = (
SELECT id from Classes where name="Intro to CompSci")
hints:
"Who teaches the class? There's a table for professors that might help."
"Classes are linked to professors. How can you find out which professor is linked to 'Intro to CompSci'?"
"JOIN the 'Classes' table with 'Professors' to find the right name. You're looking for a specific class name."

segment 7:
query: select * from LaptopSightings where location_id = (select id from Locations where name = "Cafeteria");
hints:
"You've seen how to find laptop sightings in the library. Can you do the same for the cafeteria?"
"Each location has a unique name and ID. Use the 'Locations' table to find the ID for 'Cafeteria'."
"Construct a query to list sightings at the 'Cafeteria'. You'll need to match the location name to its ID, as you did before."


segment 9: 
query: select * from LaptopSightings where location_id = (select  id from Locations where name = "Campus Security Office");
hints:
"The 'Campus Security Office' is another key location. What's its ID?"
"If a laptop ends up at security, it should be recorded. How would you find that record?"
"Write a query to check the 'LaptopSightings' for the 'Campus Security Office' by matching its ID from the 'Locations' table."